Fixes #112 (#300)
knatten/cppquiz23: questions/158/explanation.md

> Since C++11, `std::vector` has a one parameter constructor ( + optional allocator). §[vector.cons]¶3 in the standard:
> 
> > `explicit vector(size_type n, const Allocator& = Allocator())`
> > Constructs a `vector` with `n` default-inserted elements using the specified allocator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since C++11, `std::vector` has a one parameter constructor (+ optional allocator). §[vector.cons]¶4 in the standard:

> `constexpr explicit vector(size_type n, const Allocator& = Allocator());`
>
> *Effects*: Constructs a `vector` with `n` default-inserted elements using the specified allocator.
```

> Default-insertion uses value-initialization, which calls the `Foo` default constructor, resulting in the output `aaaaa` .

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Default-insertion uses value-initialization, which calls the `Foo` default constructor, resulting in the output `aaaaa`.
```
